hey everybody today I'm going to use the
I love lace background stamp to do a
little very quick ombre technique using
the Misti now the first time that I ink
this up I'm gonna ink it up in Versamark
because I'm gonna start with just a very
light tone on tone stamping on some
crumb cake card stock and you can see
that if I hadn't had the Misti I would
have been crying about right now because
I didn't get that top corner inked
properly but it's no problem I can just
rest and pin and it's gonna be perfect
so I'll just reverse the market make
sure my papers in the corner that's the
most important thing and just close this
down I really love the Misti for
background stamps because those blocks
are just too big for my hands and I feel
like I fumble them a lot and I never
ever ever get them straight I mean just
forget about that that is not gonna
happen now the next color of ink is
crumb cake and I'm inking up this stamp
again but I'm leaving a little space at
the top because I don't want to over
stamp all of the Versamark and the tip
that I do to get rid of those lines is I
just take a stamping sponge and I stamp
both into the ink the newly inked area
and out of the newly inked area to sort
of blend those two together and make it
look a little softer and not like I'm
just gonna have stripes on my cards so
you can see the bottom three quarters or
so is now inked perfectly in crumb cake
this is a very intricate image so this
is why you really need the Misti to line
up that sort of fish Nettie background
in the lace that's sort of behind the
flowers you could never do this just
stamping it manually
now the next color I'm using is baked
brown sugar which these four Brown are
three Brown inks sorry have a pretty
natural progression
from light to dark and they work well
together so the last one I'm going to
use is early espresso and I'm going to
ink up just the bottom quarter or so and
then go up and down again with the
sponge to smooth that out make sure my
card stocks in the corner it's worth it
to take a second to do that the Misti
does the rest
and then just stamp down at the bottom
and then you just have a beautiful warm
subtly graded ombre for your background
thanks for watching